Define XMLHttpRequest failure (#32447)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/xmlhttprequest/responsetext/index.md

## Value

A string which contains either the textual data received using the

> `XMLHttpRequest` or `null` if the request failed (non 2XX status) or
> `""` if the request has not yet been sent by calling
> {{domxref("XMLHttpRequest.send", "send()")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`XMLHttpRequest` or `""` if the request failed or the response has not yet been received.
```

maybe?

Author: Yup, that works!
